# Computer Graphics Course

Course material for an undergraduate level course in [computer
graphics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_graphics)

Course designed by [Prof. Alec Jacobson](http://www.cs.toronto.edu/~jacobson/),
David I.W. Levin and Karan Singh from University of Toronto, with assistance
from Yotam Gingold at GMU.

## Prerequisites and dependencies

In general, the materials in this course assume that students should have
already taken **Linear Algebra** and **Calculus**.

Students should have already taken **Introduction to Computer Science** and should
be proficient in computer programming (in any language) and should feel
comfortable programming in **C++**. 

Some coding assignments make use of
[Eigen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eigen_(C%2B%2B_library)), an open-source
linear algebra library; and [libigl](http://libigl.github.io/libigl/), an
open-source geometry processing library.  Each assigment is built using
[CMake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CMake).

## Organization

The course is structured to run with fast paced _weekly_ assignments in the
following order:

  1. [Introduction & Raster Images](https://github.com/alecjacobson/computer-graphics-raster-images)
  2. [Ray Casting](https://github.com/alecjacobson/computer-graphics-ray-casting)
  3. [Ray Tracing](https://github.com/alecjacobson/computer-graphics-ray-tracing)

Besides the introduction, there is no strict ordering to these topics.

Each topic has its own git repository. Inside each, there is a `README.md` file
contains background information necessary for understanding the topic's coding
assignment. 

The
[Introduction](https://github.com/alecjacobson/computer-graphics-raster-images)
`README.md` contains detailed information about compilation, file layout and
assignment protocols. 

## Wikipedia

The background materials link heavily to Wikipedia articles. Sometimes the
wikipedia articles relating to geomtry processing are less informative than they
could be. Edit them!

In university offerings of this course, 5% credit has been awarded to the entire
class for collaboratively improving Wikipedia's entries on geometry processing
topics. 

## Are you an instructor?

There are instructor repositories for all of the assignments above. If you're an
instructor for a geometry processing course, send an email to
jacobson@cs.toronto.edu for an invitation.

### Corresponding solution/instructor (private) repos are located at:

  0. [Pre test](https://github.com/alecjacobson/computer-graphics-pre-test)
  1. [Introduction & Raster Images](https://github.com/alecjacobson/computer-graphics-raster-images-solution)
  2. [Ray Casting](https://github.com/alecjacobson/computer-graphics-ray-casting-solution)
  3. [Ray Tracing](https://github.com/alecjacobson/computer-graphics-ray-tracing-solution)
